# Testing

This project is tested using Java JUnit 5 and checkstyle.

## JUnit

All classes apart from Main class and ui have several junit tests. Main class is not tested as it has no functionality on its own and ui is tested manually.

Jacoco test results can be seen from **RSA folder** with command

```$ YOUR_BROWSER encryption/build/reports/jacoco/test/html/index.html ```


##### PrimesTest

* Test if prime numbers pass the Miller-Rabin primality test. Prime numbers are generated with Javas BigInteger-classes propablePrime-function.
* Test if composite numbers fail the Miller-Rabin primality test. Composite numbers are generated with multiplying two random numbers generated by Javas Random-class.
* Test if factoring method numbers can be multiplied back together to the original number. Numbers are generated by Javas Random-class.
* Test if dividingByPrimes method gives true if given random primes. Prime numbers are generated with Javas BigInteger-classes propablePrime-function.


##### RSATest

* Test if can generate keys in string format. 
* Test if same string imput gives the same result.
* Test if string message can be encrypted to different form.
* Test if encrypted message can be decrypted to its original form.
* Test if two different keys are same
* Test if two different keys encrypt same message to same data
* Test if two different keys can decrypt others messages

##### FileIOTest

* Test if can read text written to file.
* Test if can write to file.

##### LogicTest

* Tests if keys can be generated and written to file.
* Tests if message can be encypted to file.
* Tests if message can be decrypted from file.
* Tests if custom tests can be used

#### TestingTest

* Tests if results can be saved to file
* Tests if results are correct


## Checksyle

All code follows checksyle rules given in checksytle.xml found in config. 

Checkstyle results can be seen from **RSA folder** with command

```$ YOUR_BROWSER encryption/build/reports/checkstyle/main.html ```
